README.md, before:

<head>
  <link rel="icon" type="image/x-icon" href="../favicon.png" />
</head>
<h1 align="center">
  Streamroot Integration Samples
</h1>
<p align="center">
  <img alt="Streamroot" src="https://blog.streamroot.io/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/logo_typo_long.png" width="400" />
  <br />
  <span>This repository is showcasing Streamroot's integrations across platforms, players and external providers</span>
</p>


## Introduction

This repository is demonstrating part of our existing integrations, we are constantly adding support for new ones. Please send an email to [support@streamroot.io](mailto:support@streamroot.io) for any request or issue you might have.


## Products

Each of Streamroot's product has its own designated section.

- [Mesh](mesh)
- [DNA/Mesh (Legacy)](https://samples.streamroot.io/dna/)
- [Orchestrator](https://samples.streamroot.io/orchestrator/)

## Integration Documentation

A dedicated [documentation website](https://support.streamroot.io/hc/en-us) is available to learn how to add Streamroot DNA™ into your website and how to properly configure it.

## Streamroot Dashboard

If you already have an account you can visit your own [dashboard](https://dashboard.streamroot.io) to validate your integration or monitor your customers.

If you don't have an account, [request a trial](https://streamroot.io/?request_trial=true)!

## License

The Streamroot Web client SDKs and the Native Plugin may include open source software or third party software. Any such software is made available to you under the terms of the applicable licenses. Please review information [Open-Source & Third-Party Software Licenses](https://streamroot.io/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/Open-Source-and-Third-Party-Software-v1-10Jun2019.pdf) for the applicable notices and license terms related to Streamroot.

Commit message:

chore: heavy pass on Mesh Delivery documentation
* Updated ExoPlayerMesh documentation
* Updated ExoPlayerMeshJava documentation
* Updated ExoPlayerMeshPlugin documentation
* Updated AVPlayer mesh documentation
* Updated AVPlayerPlugin mesh documentation

README.md, after:

<head>
  <link rel="icon" type="image/x-icon" href="../favicon.png" />
</head>
<h1 align="center">
  Streamroot Integration Samples
</h1>
<p align="center">
  <img alt="Streamroot" src="https://blog.streamroot.io/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/logo_typo_long.png" width="400" />
  <br />
  <span>This repository is showcasing Streamroot's integrations across platforms, players and external providers</span>
</p>


## Introduction

This repository is demonstrating part of our existing integrations, we are constantly adding support for new ones. Please send an email to [support@streamroot.io](mailto:support@streamroot.io) for any request or issue you might have.


## Products

Each of Streamroot's product has its own designated section.

- [Mesh Delivery for Streaming](mesh)
- [DNA/Mesh (Legacy)](dna)
- [CDN Load Balancer](orchestrator)

## Integration Documentation

A dedicated [documentation website](https://www.lumen.com/help/en-us/cdn/mesh-delivery-for-streaming.html) is available to learn how to integrate Lumen Mesh Delivery and CDN Load Balancer products to your platform and how to properly configure it.

## Streamroot Dashboard

If you already have an account you can visit your own [dashboard](https://dashboard.streamroot.io) to validate your integration or monitor your customers.

If you don't have an account, [request a trial](https://streamroot.io/?request_trial=true)!

## License

The Streamroot Web client SDKs and the Native Plugin may include open source software or third party software. Any such software is made available to you under the terms of the applicable licenses. Please review information [Open-Source & Third-Party Software Licenses](https://streamroot.io/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/Open-Source-and-Third-Party-Software-v1-10Jun2019.pdf) for the applicable notices and license terms related to Streamroot.
