cdn-load-balancer/README.md, before:

<head>
  <link rel="icon" type="image/x-icon" href="../favicon.png" />
</head>
<h1 align="center">
  Lumen CDN Load Balancer Integration Samples
</h1>
<p align="center">
  <img alt="Lumen" src="../assets/lumen_logo.png" width="400" />
  <br />
  <span>This repository is showcasing Lumen's CDN Load Balancer product integrations across platforms, players and external providers</span>
</p>

## Integration documentation

A dedicated [documentation website](https://www.lumen.com/help/en-us/cdn/cdn-load-balancer.html) is available to learn how to add Lumen CDN Load Balancer on various platforms and how to properly configure it.

## Dashboard

If you already have an account you can visit your own [dashboard](https://dashboard.streamroot.io) to validate your integration or monitor your customers.

If you don't have an account, [request a free trial on our website](https://www.lumen.com/en-us/edge-computing/cdn-load-balancer.html).

## Existing Integrations

### Android

#### Players

- ExoPlayer ([Kotlin](android/ExoPlayerCDNLoadBalancer))
- ExoPlayer ([Java](android/ExoPlayerCDNLoadBalancerJava))
- ExoPlayer ([Plugin](android/ExoPlayerCDNLoadBalancerPlugin))
- THEOplayer ([Java](android/THEOplayerCDNLoadBalancerJava))

### iOS/ipadOS/tvOS

#### Players

- AVPlayer ([Swift](ios/AVPlayerCDNLoadBalancer))
- AVPlayer ([Plugin](ios/AVPlayerCDNLoadBalancerPlugin))

## License

The Lumen SDKs and Plugins may include open source software or third party software. Any such software is made available to you under the terms of the applicable licenses. Contact support at [cdnsupport@lumen.com](mailto:cdnsupport@lumen.com) for information about Privacy and Open-Source & Third-Party Software Licenses.

Commit message:

Adding list of supported players.

cdn-load-balancer/README.md, after:

<head>
  <link rel="icon" type="image/x-icon" href="../favicon.png" />
</head>
<h1 align="center">
  Lumen CDN Load Balancer Integration Samples
</h1>
<p align="center">
  <img alt="Lumen" src="../assets/lumen_logo.png" width="400" />
  <br />
  <span>This repository is showcasing Lumen's CDN Load Balancer product integrations across platforms, players and external providers</span>
</p>

## Integration documentation

A dedicated [documentation website](https://www.lumen.com/help/en-us/cdn/cdn-load-balancer.html) is available to learn how to add Lumen CDN Load Balancer on various platforms and how to properly configure it.

## Dashboard

If you already have an account you can visit your own [dashboard](https://dashboard.streamroot.io) to validate your integration or monitor your customers.

If you don't have an account, [request a free trial on our website](https://www.lumen.com/en-us/edge-computing/cdn-load-balancer.html).

## Existing Integrations

### Android

#### Players

- ExoPlayer ([Kotlin](android/ExoPlayerCDNLoadBalancer))
- ExoPlayer ([Java](android/ExoPlayerCDNLoadBalancerJava))
- ExoPlayer ([Plugin](android/ExoPlayerCDNLoadBalancerPlugin))
- THEOplayer ([Java](android/THEOplayerCDNLoadBalancerJava))

### iOS/ipadOS/tvOS

#### Players

- AVPlayer ([Swift](ios/AVPlayerCDNLoadBalancer))
- AVPlayer ([Plugin](ios/AVPlayerCDNLoadBalancerPlugin))

### Web

#### Players

_**Note:** A summary of how to integrate CDN Load Balancer with your player can be found [here](https://www.lumen.com/help/en-us/cdn/cdn-load-balancer/cdn-lb-web/setting-up-cdn-load-balancer.html)._

_The complete list of integrations we support and guides for setting them up can be found [here](https://github.com/streamroot/integration-samples/tree/686bdb69c087ff53fd50fd1ebfccc8c809db643d/mesh-delivery#web)._

- Hls.js
- Dash.js
- ShakaPlayer
- RxPlayer
- VideoJS]
- Bitmovin
- THEOplayer
- JWPlayer
- Azure Media Player
- Castlabs
- Clappr
- FlowPlayer
- Radiant Media Player
- Brightcove
- Mpx
- Akamai Adaptive Media Player
- Kaltura

## License

The Lumen SDKs and Plugins may include open source software or third party software. Any such software is made available to you under the terms of the applicable licenses. Contact support at [cdnsupport@lumen.com](mailto:cdnsupport@lumen.com) for information about Privacy and Open-Source & Third-Party Software Licenses.
