mesh/README.md, before:

<head>
  <link rel="icon" type="image/x-icon" href="../favicon.png" />
</head>
<h1 align="center">
  Streamroot Mesh Integration Samples
</h1>
<p align="center">
  <img alt="Streamroot" src="https://blog.streamroot.io/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/logo_typo_long.png" width="400" />
  <br />
</p>

# Integration documentation

A dedicated [documentation website](https://support.streamroot.io/hc/en-us) is available to learn how to add Streamroot Mesh into your website and how to properly configure it.

# Streamroot Dashboard

If you already have an account you can visit your own [dashboard](https://dashboard.streamroot.io) to validate your integration or monitor your customers.

If you don't have an account, [request a free trial on our website](https://www.lumen.com/en-us/edge-computing/mesh-delivery.html).

# Existing Integrations

## Android

### Players

- ExoPlayer ([Kotlin](android/ExoPlayerMesh))

## iOS/ipadOS/tvOS

### Players

- [AVPlayer](ios/AVPlayer)

# License

The Streamroot Web client SDKs and the Native Plugin may include open source software or third party software. Any such software is made available to you under the terms of the applicable licenses. Please review information [Open-Source & Third-Party Software Licenses](https://streamroot.io/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/Open-Source-and-Third-Party-Software-v1-10Jun2019.pdf) for the applicable notices and license terms related to the Streamroot.

Commit message:

chore: heavy pass on Mesh Delivery documentation
* Updated ExoPlayerMesh documentation
* Updated ExoPlayerMeshJava documentation
* Updated ExoPlayerMeshPlugin documentation
* Updated AVPlayer mesh documentation
* Updated AVPlayerPlugin mesh documentation

mesh/README.md, after:

<head>
  <link rel="icon" type="image/x-icon" href="../favicon.png" />
</head>
<h1 align="center">
  Streamroot Mesh Integration Samples
</h1>
<p align="center">
  <img alt="Streamroot" src="https://blog.streamroot.io/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/logo_typo_long.png" width="400" />
  <br />
</p>

# Integration documentation

A dedicated [documentation website](https://www.lumen.com/help/en-us/cdn/mesh-delivery-for-streaming.html) is available to learn how to add Lumen Mesh Delivery on various platforms and how to properly configure it.

# Streamroot Dashboard

If you already have an account you can visit your own [dashboard](https://dashboard.streamroot.io) to validate your integration or monitor your customers.

If you don't have an account, [request a free trial on our website](https://www.lumen.com/en-us/edge-computing/mesh-delivery.html).

# Existing Integrations

## Android

### Players

- ExoPlayer ([Kotlin](android/ExoPlayerMesh))
- ExoPlayer ([Java](android/ExoPlayerMeshJava))
- ExoPlayer ([Plugin](android/ExoPlayerMeshPlugin))

## iOS/ipadOS/tvOS

### Players

- AVPlayer [SDK](ios/AVPlayer)
- AVPlayer [Plugin](ios/AVPlayerPlugin)

# License

The Streamroot Web client SDKs and the Native Plugin may include open source software or third party software. Any such software is made available to you under the terms of the applicable licenses. Please review information [Open-Source & Third-Party Software Licenses](https://streamroot.io/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/Open-Source-and-Third-Party-Software-v1-10Jun2019.pdf) for the applicable notices and license terms related to the Streamroot.
